SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 34 (#11426)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/winforms/advanced/how-to-use-a-color-matrix-to-transform-a-single-color.md

  
 The following illustration shows the original image on the left and the transformed image on the right.  
  

>  ![Screenshot that shows the color transformation of an image.](./media/how-to-use-a-color-matrix-to-transform-a-single-color/color-transformation.png)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![A purple square on the left and a fuchsia square on the right.](./media/how-to-use-a-color-matrix-to-transform-a-single-color/color-transformation.png)  
```
